Add Impersonate-Uid description to Authentication docs page. (#28430)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication.md

* `Impersonate-User`: The username to act as.
* `Impersonate-Group`: A group name to act as. Can be provided multiple times to set multiple groups. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User"
* `Impersonate-Extra-( extra name )`: A dynamic header used to associate extra fields with the user. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User". In order to be preserved consistently, `( extra name )` should be lower-case, and any characters which aren't [legal in HTTP header labels](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.6) MUST be utf8 and [percent-encoded](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2.1).
* `Impersonate-Uid`: The {{< glossary_tooltip text="UID" term_id="uid" >}} associated with the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User".

{{< note >}}
Prior to 1.11.3 (and 1.10.7, 1.9.11), `( extra name )` could only contain characters which were [legal in HTTP header labels](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.6).
{{< /note >}}

{{< note >}}
`Impersonate-Uid` is only available in versions 1.22.0 and higher.
{{< /note >}}

> An example set of headers:

Reviewer: Maybe this is the point to split it into 2 examples. The first example only sets `Impersonate-User:` and `Impersonate-Group:` headers; the second example sets  `Impersonate-User:` and every other header from the proposed example here, _except_ `Impersonate-Group:`

Motivation: make it easier to spot which headers are optional; reduce risk of any readers guessing that `Impersonate-UID:` is mandatory.

(it's fine to merge this as-is, I might propose that tweak separately once this merges).

Author: Resolved, I went ahead and split it.

* `Impersonate-User`: The username to act as.
* `Impersonate-Group`: A group name to act as. Can be provided multiple times to set multiple groups. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User"
* `Impersonate-Extra-( extra name )`: A dynamic header used to associate extra fields with the user. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User". In order to be preserved consistently, `( extra name )` should be lower-case, and any characters which aren't [legal in HTTP header labels](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.6) MUST be utf8 and [percent-encoded](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2.1).

> * `Impersonate-Uid`: The {{< glossary_tooltip text="UID" term_id="uid" >}} associated with the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User".

Reviewer 2: The tooltip reads:

> A Kubernetes systems-generated string to uniquely identify objects.

@sftim I find this confusing because you can impersonate any UID you want as long as you have the correct authorization.  This impersonated value is not Kubernetes generated and is not validated to be "correct" in any way.

Reviewer: Ah OK. I wonder we don't we call these UUIDs (like Wikipedia, etc do)? UID is widely used in POSIX to mean user id (contrast GID).

Anyway, given that it's not linked to Kubernetes' `metadata.uid` field, I suggest amending this to either:
```suggestion
* `Impersonate-Uid`: A UUID that represents or is associated with the user being
   impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User".
```
or
```suggestion
* `Impersonate-Uid`: An opaque string that represents or is associated with the user being
   impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User". Kubernetes does not impose any
   format requirements on this string other than that it is non-empty.
```
Without reading the code, I can't guess which is meant and I imagine other readers might also have trouble working that out.

Reviewer 2: Here are the [docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/584658a17d958f0b663cb39dec1907cbba641300/staging/src/k8s.io/api/authentication/v1/types.go#L111-L115).  I am not sure if `A unique value that identifies this user across time.` is any more understandable for an end user though.

Reviewer 2: How about:

```
An unique identifier that represents the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User". Kubernetes does not impose any format requirements on this string.
```

The "other than that it is non-empty" bit is weird since the API server would just ignore the header (there is no distinction between unset and empty).

Reviewer: I'm still confused. The API doc suggests that UIDs aren't reused, which makes it sound like it's either a CustomResourceDefinition or some other Kubernetes API. On the other hand, if the UID is exogenous (like the example `42`) then who knows whether the other system that generates these UIDs reuses them or not.

I have seen (and, for that matter, am typing this on an example of) operating systems that will reuse userids.

If Kubernetes is _setting an expectation_ that UID reuse is problematic in the context of impersonation, should we document **that**?

Also, I can't imagine ever designing a system where a user can have a UID of [empty string] but who knows what weird other integration someone somewhere might try to connect? Every other string value is valid though.
If that part is too much detail, fine.

Reviewer: I'm happy with
```suggestion
* A unique identifier that represents the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires
  "Impersonate-User". Kubernetes does not impose any format requirements on this string.
```
(not “an unique”, for semi-complicated reasons)

* `Impersonate-User`: The username to act as.
* `Impersonate-Group`: A group name to act as. Can be provided multiple times to set multiple groups. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User"
* `Impersonate-Extra-( extra name )`: A dynamic header used to associate extra fields with the user. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User". In order to be preserved consistently, `( extra name )` should be lower-case, and any characters which aren't [legal in HTTP header labels](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.6) MUST be utf8 and [percent-encoded](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2.1).

> * `Impersonate-Uid`: The UID associated with the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User"

Reviewer: Should we explain what a UID is? We can use a tooltip for the glossary entry that covers it.
```suggestion
* `Impersonate-Uid`: The {{< glossary_tooltip text="UID" term_id="uid" >}} associated with the user being impersonated. Optional. Requires "Impersonate-User",
```

Author: That sounds good. I'm not familiar with the glossary tooltip, is that going to link to the uid entry in [this glossary?](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?fundamental=true)

Reviewer: Actually that'll link to https://k8s.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names (we could separately tweak that to link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#uids)

If you hover over the text (“UID”) you see the first part of the glossary definition.

Reviewer: Here's the glossary entry that the tooltip uses: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/content/en/docs/reference/glossary/uid.md

{{< note >}}

> Prior to 1.11.3 (and 1.10.7, 1.9.11), `( extra name )` could only contain characters which were [legal in HTTP header labels](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7230#section-3.2.6).

Reviewer 2: Add a note like this for the new UID header.

> 

Reviewer 2: Update `An example set of headers:` above with the uid header.

Author: Resolved, I just used a random hex string, but do you think I should do something that's more obviously a placeholder value (like `aaaaaaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa` or `xxxxxxxx`)?

Reviewer: I think it's fine as-is. You could switch to something that's a valid UUID but still obvious, eg `123e4567-e89b-42d3-a456-​556642440000`

Author: Ok, if it's fine with you I think I'll just leave it as is.

> 

Reviewer 2: Above, update the `kubectl` example to point out that kubectl cannot impersonate extra and UID.

node/mynode drained
```

{{< note >}}

> `kubectl` cannot set extra fields or impersonate UIDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`kubectl` cannot impersonate extra fields or UIDs.
```

{{< /note >}}

> To impersonate a user, group, or set extra fields, the impersonating user must

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To impersonate a user, group, uid, or extra fields, the impersonating user must
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To impersonate a user, group, user UUID, or extra fields, the impersonating user must
```
or
```suggestion
To impersonate a user, group, user identifier (UID), or extra fields, the impersonating user must
```
or
```suggestion
To make any request involving impersonation, the user attempting impersonation must
```
(I'm not sure which is more appropriate)

Reviewer 2: > To impersonate a user, group, user identifier (UID), or extra fields, the impersonating user must

That sounds the best to me.

  verbs: ["impersonate"]
```

> Extra fields and UIDs are both under the "authentication.k8s.io" `apiGroup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For impersonation, extra fields and impersonated UIDs are both under the
`authentication.k8s.io` API group.
```

Extra fields are evaluated as sub-resources of the resource "userextras". To
allow a user to use impersonation headers for the extra field "scopes" and
for UIDs, a user should be granted the following role:

```yaml
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  name: scopes-impersonator
rules:
# Can set "Impersonate-Extra-scopes" header and the "Impersonate-Uid" header.
- apiGroups: ["authentication.k8s.io"]
  resources: ["userextras/scopes", "uids"]
  verbs: ["impersonate"]
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Update the `resourceNames` example below with a UID example.

  verbs: ["impersonate"]
```

> For impersonation, extra fields and impersonated UIDS are both under the "authentication.k8s.io" `apiGroup`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For impersonation, extra fields and impersonated UIDs are both under the "authentication.k8s.io" `apiGroup`.
```
